tonight a night at the museum
representing almost 2%
that's all
so in fact of two first pieces to spread this ex-palace account it's
so a piece where I speak
as a rule of respect for women
five other people affected
more in rap it is not often seen it happens so that already me
I really wanted so that since pleasant to put it in images
martin
France 3
he will be accompanied by six months
the second set the oriental
and his clique
the fight was shot to slow to hide
this one is more for the festive side and also to participate with my
friend but also will not shoot with me on this piece there
honestly, no
3rd living room that is important to me but also
something that is natural to me
but we always go good ducks and hens stairwell there is actually
I did not understand I did not want to say that
I do not look like that so I'm completely equal to myself
and yes oath that is close to my heart because few people want to
to share and that people do not amalgamate what europe is the icon
codified and I would also like people to understand that in rap we
also speaks of beautiful things we are family man we have a lot of
feelings
but it will still follow
obama asked m
we must have children
library
libreville
in 18 months
come from all the big party epic rock tournament
yes I came to tell you that we can drink water
the tournament will be held in marrakech was close to me it's me who
wrote the synopsis
so I planned to do the test is not right left at oussouye
godmother who was hoping to put all this after the ol I wanted to make a wink
to perpignan because it's important because for the body we
put the team is called the Eastern and Eastern c & a also because we do
part of the eastern Pyrenees so I wanted to wink
acea m of course moment and historical monument it was necessary that this
in front of the castillet and the shooting of the castillet also was very
well done and it went well there are women who are very small
to join to see them elsewhere in the clip the afp so thanks to them
have become a duo super positive with oneself that we are turned in africa or
France was so great
and if you want to see the agenda
Why
wrongly
dominique dord
one of the particularities
live stage groups
lafleur guy yes it's something I want to continue to land and get
was
and that's something I will not let go
although before the configuration of the microphones didier I liked a lot but there
now with the instruments it's completely off the vibrator at
it's something it's exceptional but it's us what we
is trying to break through to defend the album so the arcade minutes the cable to
through the father stage of stage performances because
everything is completely different people who come to see us live I
I would never have thought his little beast like that I did not hear that
actually on the album except the messages that itself
so we continue or in live acoustic training that's for sure
I believe in myself